So what are the fundamental? I think it's the wrong way to think about it They're symbolic, but they reflect a very deep reality and they actually reflect a reality that's not easily apprehensible 
They have to be the same for every one or it would be very difficult for us to communicate, okay? So what's the what's the most useful or what's the most? What would you call it? 
Is that there's or three or four? They're quite complex I mean some of them are unbelievably complicated. And I really believe this to be true. 
But also something that you absolutely need so how do you how do you? This is partly. Well first of all the assembly line absolutely? 
Because that's the implication in that story and and it's very difficult. Is that you have two hemispheres? Why? 
Well, that's the world Sampled randomly, you know what are you going to do with that nothing? That's sort of the blank slate idea It's like no wrong because a blank slate cannot process information You're actively engaged right at the beginning. 
I say well, I could throw it I could take it apart. It's annoying because you can think of something that you should do, and you won't do it because there's no deterministic 
Something isn't taken out that you need Okay, all right. You have to be able to talk you Yeah 
Why can't that reveal itself? Well. What is that? 
They're always true. Who's lying who's telling the truth? There's ten of them Or however many you want to extract right? 
like And why what are you up to? And if I can tell what you're looking at I can infer? We don't know that's why we're arguing about it and right now. 
How do you encounter? What's absolutely unknown? It's like don't put your hand in there you put your hand in there, and you watch your imagination. 
I'm not looking at that. Wrong! That's what you look at. That's what you look at. But even one thing that's accurate it's like yeah, thanks very much man. 
Stop. What else you going to do? yeah. Right. So how about no. 
So why is this? Well, It's real enough So that's how your brain evolved that seems pretty damn real 
They'll take me down and so Because I have to deal with you and you and you and you and you? De Waal It's not humanitarian. 
It's not fun It's not motivating. It's not really any different from telling the truth. I don't remember when. 
Well that's simple. They're like prime.. They're very noisy. But that's just how it goes. Well, what does that mean? Well, that's that's sort of how it is. 
I presumed. How many of you haven't? You can read it either way. Right? It's true. She wakes up and she thinks I'm going to wipe them all out. 
Well it doesn't sound like much of a picnic. They just want to eat you but once I know what hurts me. Now here's what's so interesting about that. Well the answer to that is while you're most powerful. 
What do you call those? There So that's pushing it pretty far 
Let's play with it a little bit so go up There you know imagine that you go up there, and you kind of have to do this like you're daydreaming You know you can't force it. You have to play with it like you would when you're daydreaming Which is you're kind of half doing it voluntarily and it's half Manifesting itself. Just going to look at it and get accustomed to it I don't need you to push me forward so she felt pretty good about that 
Which is the tendency of every bureaucratic system everywhere. Why? 
