Now that you've had an opportunity to walk through a narrative then, hopefully, some of the things that I'm going to say, that are more technical, will make more sense and so, what we're going to do today, at least in part, is to deal with... to start to deal with conceptualizing a solution to the fact that the world is too complex to properly perceive so what the problem fundamentally is is that there's a lot more of everything else than there is of you especially if you include in that everything else, all the parts of you that you also don't understand and so... 
; so Sokolov's idea was that you must be producing a complex internal model of the world that's in concordance with the world across pretty much every perceptible dimension because if you weren't doing that, how in the world would you know that the tone had changed from what you had already learned about it? and so, for the longest time, and this was also true for people who were investigating artificial intelligence we had this idea that what people did was make a complex model of the world, and hold it in their minds, so to speak and then they'd act in the world, and they compared what they expected to happen in the world with the model and as long as there was a match, then there was no orienting reflex now, the orienting reflex turns out to be quite a complex reflex, it's not merely an alteration in skin conductance what it is in essence is the manner in which you start to unfold your response to the unknown and the initial stages of that are very, very quick but it's hard to tell when the orienting reflex stops, and when more complex learning begins they sort of shade into one another so the initial stages of the orienting reflex are quite reflexive but the later stages can be extraordinarily complex, so for example... 
there's a team of three people here, dressed in white and there's a team of three people here dressed in black and your job is to count the number of times the white team throws the baskeball back and forth to the white team members ok, we'll just run that okay, well, so, obviously or perhaps not so obviously, the the number of times I believe that they threw it back and forth was sixteen, if I remember this correctly but of course that's not really the issue, because what happens in the middle of the scene is that a guy wearing a gorilla suit comes out into the middle of the screen, and pounds his chest three or four times he comes out quite slowly, as you saw; is there anybody in here who didn't see the gorilla? no, well, I presume all of you knew about this video anyways so, Dan Simon, who produced this video has got a couple of other ones where he shows that, you know, even if you're smart enough to see the gorilla, 'cause you've seen the video before you've heard about it if you make other changes in the background, you'll count properly and you'll catch the gorilla, but you'll miss the other changes in the background and they're not trivial either, it's really quite remarkable 
that and second, even if you do pick it, how do you see it? 
, you know I mean you could just lump all animals together, for that matter, and just call them "animals", which we do sometimes so... here's part of the issue, so let's say that you're... 
um, ok, so what did I conclude from that? well, the... 
It's like... But I'm not sure about that. 
That isn't how it works so... It's what the world is like so this is... 
what are you doing? why is is this justifiable? 
there's one more... that seems self-evident to us to some degree, but, you know... it was by no means self-evident to anyone five hundred years ago, and people still don't do it so it's not plausible... 
or is there something going on? well... 
, so that's the first question and the second question is: why those two traits together? 
only insofar as you're able right? definitely so it's unbelievably discriminatory so you might say, well, why is that justifiable? 
well, you don't; you're on the damn thing like a pensioner on a slot machine and for many of the same reasons so your body also filters out the world for you and provides you acces to some information and not access to others and then the same thing is the case with your nervous system and I do... I put the first picture there of the central nervous system that controls voluntary movement, for example I put it there because people like to think that their brain is in their head but it's a stupid way of thinking about it, as far as I'm concerned, because you have an awful lot of neurological tissue distributed through your body, and like your autonomic nervous system, if I remember correctly, which is mostly distributed through your body has more neurons in it than your central nervous system, and so you aren't a brain in a body, your brain is really distributed through your whole body 
your abstractions should be independent of your subjectivity and rationality and emotion are construed in that manner as enemies the purpose of rationality is to dispense with the irrationality of emotion and motivation and that's... 
... and so that's another example of the pragmatic element of thought 
I should actually show you that... I haven't shown you that little video of DNA fixing itself, eh? 
>>so again, this is all derived accurately from the science, the problem is we can't show it to you any other way so like that's just so ridiculously mindblowing that it's amost unbearable to think about that as clockwork even is a pretty strange idea because those little things walk over obstacles, how the hell does that happen? 
what I'm doing in some sense is walking you though a psychophysiological representation of Piaget's developmental process if you have a response that serious to an obstacle, it would probably punish the little motivated frame right out of existence 
it wins so partly what you do to stop yourself from falling under the dominion of your hypothalamus is to never, ever be anywhere where its action is necessary right? so this is the hypothalamus 
is that right? yeah, reproductive is red, and the defensive ones are in magenta and so those are the... 
and so, here's something to think about and the point of the story is the point it's directional, right? 
