It does that technically right? Thank you. Is that you can't draw a one-To-one 
How you then use that? and Well? 
Target you could say you target what you aim for but? That's what it seems That's what seems to tie. 
And so you can say well, there's a core set of necessities, and then off of that. There's a secondary set of like What would you call them their own ultimate necessities? 
That's torn down and overthrown Well that if you look at. State downward it's not great farther down work. 
You're necessary because without you. that is Yes? 
It means well. What does it mean well? You've construed yourself wrong. You've construed them wrong. 
Why do you think that? It's something like that You want someone who you know you can get along with them, but now and then they bite you and you think oh? And so you're looking for someone [that] you have to contend with who's going to push you beyond what you already are and who's going to judge you harshly? 
They're not real. They're hyper real. 
What should you do when you make a mistake now? It's like you say something. 
If that's what you want to do, but you better look out because You better be ready to use it . That's not why it's that you're denigrating the relationship that you are in voluntarily You know I've some of the most painful days. 
But refuses to he knows quote his predator Detection systems have gone off Monster well, then you're supposed to look okay? And this is a way to think about it from a union perspective 
Maybe everything around you was chaotic. You have to sort that out. It's like careful What you give up? Well, you should fight back okay? What is that? 
This is [an] ocean [I'm] in the middle of an ocean I'm going to drown That's a terrible thing for children. I'm [not] a good person. 
It's Brilliant It's it's it's remarkable. So anyways the whole point that I'm making here. They're not working anymore, right? 
It's like. You don't protect them. That's a way of conceptualizing it and what is it contained? 
It's going to be exactly the same and so we're not going to get anywhere with it All right Here's what happens is that? okay? 
It's pretty complicated If you live completely outside the norm. Maybe you can conceptualize that as something like this. 
It's like yeah, it is It is it's a strange. You know we were 
It's like you win, no matter How you play so then you calibrate and say well? You know [I] need? Well. Okay, so fine. 
He sits there illuminated the same way. What do you identify with do you identify with what you are? Obviously, you can exhaust yourself completely, and that's not helpful. It's like well No, that's not happening. 
It's worth it and I think that's true and everything I've seen indicates to me. You know it and it isn't an injunction You're a bad person. 
It's because you're blind. It's like well, I'm going to criticize that well go right ahead You know it's like. Well, I would say might find out So that's what I think you should do You should find out You don't have anything better to do and there's nothing in it as far as I've been able to tell there's nothing in it But good so Maybe you could sort yourself out. 
