so as I think I mentioned that is something in of itself right? [Student] Procedural? 
like it is really important where you are positioned in the hierarchy even if you are not like a flock or a herd creature, now, we are more like herd creatures so it's even more it's even more relevant to us , but there is just no escaping a hierarchical arrangement in social being that is social being and, and, and it is evolutionary ancient beyond conception so 300 million years ago there weren't trees, you know I mean, so the dominance hierarchy is older than trees , that knowledge is really really deep and a lot of it is coded in your behaviour now, and in other peoples behaviour as well and that's, you know. 
And so, What is that reaction? and so, you know you get people now and then who have a hypothalamic dysfunction and one of them produces a condition called I can't remember it, it's not dypsomania although it's like that, it doesn't matter it produces uncontrollable thirst and so what will happen is that people that have this hypothalamic problem will drown themselves by drinking water, which you can do by the way 
It is actually is worse if they are not that bright it turns out because having a lower IQ is one of the things that predisposes you to post-traumatic stress disorder, but anyways they go out on the battlefield and they see what they are capable of under battlefield conditions, and like you know, we have been fighting wars for a very long time millions of years and so that was Piaget, man, the guy was a genius and, you know, he was actually motivated by the desire to reconcile science and religion that was actually was his entire motivation for what did, you never hear that but that is the case and so, Piaget was very interested in how you produce structures that enable you to regulate yourself because you are kind of like a a colony of strange sub-animals that have to figure out how to get along so that you can sort of be one thing you kind of learn that, I would say between the ages of 2 and 4 as you are being socialized, you know how erratic 2 years old's are, I mean they are a blast and and it's part because they are erratic, it's like they are unbelievably happy and then they are unbelievably hungry and then they really hot and then they are really upset and crying, you know and then they are really scared, it's like and all of that's just untrammeled so it's really fun to be around them, especially when they are happy, because they are just so happy 
that it's just, you know you don't ever get to be that happy and so, it's nice to be around a 2 year old because you can kind of feel that again, you know, and a lot of, one of the horrible things about being a parent is that you spend a tremendous amount of your time making your child less happy and the reason for that is that positive emotion is very impulsive you know, because everybody says well you should be happy, it's like well, no, when you are happy you are actually quite stupid and so, because happiness makes you impulsive, happiness makes, happiness says, "Hey, everything is   really good right now, get what you can while the getting is good!" and so, as a, like if you are hyper-optimistic, manic we'll say It's like every stock investment looks like a really good stock investment and it's like, you go out and spend all your money because look it, there's those wonderful things everywhere and you could do so great things with then, and then you know, you spend all your money and then, you crash and think, oh God, my life is over, you know because I just, I just spent all my money on all this useless stuff and it's all under the grip of impulsive positive emotion you know and so. 
And you have to be precise Here is what you just did that I though was great! and then "Oh boy, that's so nice that you noticed, I can't believe that noticed" 
then the kid will run up to them to show them something that's kind of spectacular and they'll they are not happy, they'll like, "Oh yeah, that's, I'm working." You know and that's just a horrible thing for your child to experience repetitively in situation after situation all they learn is that adults have a false smile but they are really lying all the time God! 
Four months? Really! 
We find that amusing, and if you lose, what do you say? and so, and you will win some and you will lose some and that's not so bad, you know and even if you lose, well maybe you learned something, 
That really that really works! It's like, why? Why? why? 
Run? That's not going to help. There's 
So what do you do about that? [JBP] Meaning? You have to be more precise. 
How should we live in it? Obviously! Because, obviously! 
and and So, well so that's what we are trying to figure out! 
Now what does that mean? Well you don't really know, you don't really know? You don't know, that's what you are aiming at 
What does that mean? and 
You know, you are staking yourself on something, do you know? Well no! 
Let's say. So, yeah, it's like something divine is going to happen and so, OK fine, you know, fair enough! You can certainly figure out what it isn't. And so, who wants to hear that? But 
but, maybe you could do something about it. It's a guide, but it's maybe smarter than you sometimes That would work a lot better, you wouldn't have to torture yourself, and you wouldn't make any mistakes, so 
So, well, can we account for it? No. It's like, well,  what's out there if there is nothing to experience it. 
And so, It's like, well, you act like you believe it! So, it depends on what you mean, by believe, well you act it out. Because what do you know about what you know, hardly anything. 
He doesn't wish that he produced someone who will work for him. And so that's what he wishes. 
What's the word for that? So that's kind of interesting, it's the intervention of Nature. They decide that they are just going to... 
