But people who are high in neuroticism are hard to get along with too. And they tend to be volatile and irritable. Because everyone wants to be compassionate, and everyone wants to be polite. It's certainly worded that way. Ah, let's see. That's disagreeable, obviously. But, you see, out here, and out here, they don't overlap at all. It makes you callous. 
And that certainly happens to people who are too disagreeable. That also makes them conflict avoidant. So let's think about it. How do they differ? It's much more likely to be female than male. Okay, so let's see if we can figure out why. Okay, first. 
Right? Not at all. So agreeable people are compassionate and polite. By interacting with him. I actually like him quite a bit. He's very, very funny. He's also very conscientious, so you can trust him. So he's extraordinarily blunt. He'll just say absolutely anything, no matter how horrible it is. 
Because you'll line up to be exploited. But one of them is they often come because they're too agreeable. And they probably are nasty and harsh. But they're also probably true. Not at all. It's too damn dangerous. Because they're not going to go away. They go, "This is what I want, and this is how I'm going to get it." And that's not... 
they'll put themselves forward strongly. Most of them are male. But some of them are. And most of those are male. They love that. Because that is what you're doing. You know? 
And here's why, it's easy if you think about it carefully. Who care about you? They're already aggressive. It doesn't dip down. It's so cool. So that's quite cool. 
So... And you might say, "Well, who's right?" What's going to come in is going to wipe you out and kill you, and really do it." Why? You never know what people are bringing with them. So you're stuck. Perfectly reasonable objection, and you never know, it might be true. You can think about it methodologically, because that's how you should think about it. 
I've really been thinking about that. But I also think they're very much worth knowing. So I, yes? Yeah, that's what it looks like to me, yeah. Yeah. It's like, okay, so what do you do about that? 
