Now... And then... I mean... He said something like "what if we decide to make reality everything that we experience? because 
But... 'Cause you might ask, well, what would there be if there was nothing conscious? It's very difficult. Let's see what we can do if we do that. It's not obvious at all. So... And... 
That's for sure! You know, all of that, all of that, to me, is more fundamental and it's outside of you. Right? So, something's wrong with you molecularly. Or, maybe, there's something wrong with you psycologically. And that isn't localized in you. It's very very concrete and practical. It's like, yeaaaah... But... 
And...and they're very conflict avoidant. But, anyways, you... get them to talk about what they're angry about, that often makes them cry, often many times, and then, you get them to kind of envision what they would want to have instead, which they're often afraid to do because people are afraid to think about what they want because that makes it more clear when they're not getting it and that's painful, right? But, anyways, you get them to think about what they might want instead. You have to put up with it? But here's how to find out. It's ready to go. Start thinking about what it would mean to have 
Instead of just thinking. But that's when you think and believe something but you don't act it out. And you won't even be able to understand yourself, if you do that. So, you're dissociated. So... OK. So, imagine you're dealing with someone who's hoarding. There's...there's...there's Just exactly what are you organizing? 
And you have to ask yourself that, right? Right? You figure it out right away.   And so... Now, sometimes, you don't know how to do that. He sort of stumbles towards you and, you know, incoherently mutters something. I like...I like 
But I'm no smarter than I was before. But, maybe, you're different than me and so, while I'm  listening to you, you'll tell me something I would... I don't like. Maybe, it's something I find contemptible... or difficult, whatever. Maybe you'll find...you'll tell me something I don't know. And then, I won't be quite as stupid. That's it! And so... 
So.... That's it! That's what I'm after. And, if you're not after that, you gotta think: why the hell wouldn't you be after that? What could you possibly be after that would be better than that? But...you know... You'll get what you want, if you do that. So... It's already defined, that. I want to hear you, I want to hear what you have to say, so we can clarify it and move forward. 
